I have some very good news for you guys, the apartment town is now in session.
Will you join me in welcoming the mayor of the apartment town, Mr. Dan Harmon?
What on earth?
Jesus, Jeff, take it easy.
Take it easy?
For the podcast listeners out there.
Dan Harmon emerges from the shadows with no shirt on and a camera on his head.
He has a GoPro camera strapped to his head and a stomach that clearly has been off its diet for the last two weeks.
That is a comment that would hurt the corporeal, Jeff, but I am man-transformed.
I have been on a 20-day tour. I am now in the cradle of American civilization, Portland.
I am in the basin, the hot tub, the bath, the belly button, the voodoo doughnuts of the United States.
Are you going to get into the whole show with no shirt and a camera on your head?
I don't know, Jeff. I probably tell you. I don't know.
I don't know, Jeff. What do these people do for a living?
Are they industrial or do they make art? Are they teachers? It's Portland.
We do what the fuck we want, Jeff.
We are activated humanity.
I truly hope that somebody, at least one person's here tonight, has no idea what Harmontown is.
My favorite is, like I said, the couples who come because their underage son or daughter couldn't come to the show.
They just came to get a community DVD signed.
It's like two 40-year-old men and women coming up to me after the show and going,
Hi, could you just make it out to Rachel? What the fuck was that?
Look, here's the thing.
You got no shirt on.
I'm almost certain that's illegal. You're not allowed to come out here with no shirt on.
Yeah, we did get almost arrested in Vegas when I did this.
But I think that's because you're not supposed to sing Sassudio at karaoke.
The reason I'm doing this, Jeff, is because I'm sitting back in the green room.
We're being given all these gifts.
Portland is the San Francisco of the Northwest.
Certainly.
I think that's safe to say.
The culture is high. Everyone's practically a lesbian.
And they don't give a shit, and they're friendly about it, too.
People that aren't lesbians are still just welding shit and calling it art.
There's a mental and cultural health here, Jeff, that is,
if there is a place that we're going to call Harmontown that is earthbound, it would be here.
I apologize to our friends back home in Los Angeles.
I apologize to our friends we're going to talk to in San Francisco.
You know I love San Francisco, too.
But here's the thing. We came in here.
There's people showering us with someone made Spencer special copper dice.
Yeah, really cool like that.
Someone made us all t-shirts. By the way, this might be a good time to give me my shirt.
No, Dan, do the whole show like that.
I need to be mic'd and stuff.
I wanted to participate in their fucking artistic abandon.
I want to be a Portlandier.
Somebody made me this pin.
It's just a pin with a tie on it, which I love.
Paul, are you out there, Paul?
Yeah.
Thank you, Paul, and Noel, thank you.
And then somebody made me a tie with Adidas stripes on the tie.
Yeah.
And on the back, because this is Nike Town.
I got a Sharpie shirt. Someone made this.
Someone made Spencer a shirt.
There was a guy, like Portland's version of the obnoxious guy that tries to zig when he should zag.
Like any other city, like there's always a guy that's like,
well fuck this, I'm not going to be a fan.
I'm going to impress the hell out of this guy by telling him to go fuck himself.
The Portland's version of that guy printed up like,
political literature about getting me recalled as mayor of Harmontown.
It's filled with material. It's so dense.
I couldn't finish reading it all on the thing.
There was like flyers. I think his name was Kyle.
He had me sign a petition.
About me, mine said Jeff Davis suit and tie?
Yeah.
That's how heightened things are here.
Because it's the, I don't know, it's the ocean air.
It's the yogurt. What do they do here?
They keep it weird here.
Portland is a fantastically weird and groovy.
They keep it practical.
They ask the question, why are we doing this society?
And if the answer is I don't know, they fucking drop it like a goddamn hot potato.
Why can't you park here? Fuck it, we can.
Who should I have sex with tonight?
I like Ted, but also David said, fuck it, I'm a lesbian.
I'm going to make love to a woman like she has never been made love to before.
And I'm going to run a local brewery.
And I'm going to be cool to straight guys because they're not a threat either.
Like everything's fine. Let's all just hang out, play board games.
Nice.
And fly kites and just like run around in Portland. I'm on fire here.
You're the show.
Please, what can I do for you?
I heard dance take your shirt back off.
God damn it, the more I heard about you, the more I loved you.
Don't choke up on the bat. Take that shirt back off, man.
Or take a shirt off and put your pants on as a shirt.
Yeah, come on. We've been on the tour bus.
If I take my pants off, it's going to get like uncomfortably clinical.
In terms of laundry.
Rick Rapp, Rick Rapp, Portland, Portland Rapp.
I'm going to rap about Portland, Portland Rapp.
Bayside, it's a place in the Northwest.
I fucked your mama in her crotch and her chest up.
Came on her titties and said, that's enough.
I fucked your mama so hard she was like a box of snuff in old time Europe.
George Washington, I fucked your mama so hard she was astonished.
Cross the Delaware, fucked your mama's underwear,
fucked your mama, fucked your mama in her pussy, Portland.
Whatever.
Now, now, thank you. You're very kind.
You're good people. You're wonderful people.
Terrible rap. Tired of it, Jeff.
Transformation is what's going to happen tonight.
We came out nearly naked because Portland, in our story circle,
if I haven't already transformed, then this whole tour has been for nothing.
You've heard me talk about, oh, we must be dying here tonight.
We must be resurrected here tonight.
Portland is like the second to last stop.
San Francisco's a gimme, whatever.
San Francisco.
Fuck those guys.
It's the Portland, California.
Yeah.
That's just nothing.
That's practically, we could run to Los Angeles from San Francisco
if they start booing and we'll be home before they can catch us.
It's a long run.
This is the place where, across the return threshold,
if I have transformed as a human being,
then we're going to see evidence of that tonight.
If I am no longer a caterpillar, tonight is where we see my wings.
So I came out with my shirt off because I got nothing.
I don't know, I don't think I've been on a journey.
What do you feel like you should transform into?
I have an idea.
I've been fighting the whole cult religious thing forever
because who would trust me?
But then it dawned on me today.
Okay, I was in the back, I was talking in the green room to Morgan,
our road manager, whose relatives are in Portland.
He spent, he had dinner with his brother.
How's your family, Morgan?
Oh, my parents couldn't make it.
My dad's meds, blah, blah, blah.
What's wrong with your dad?
His dad's got bone cancer.
Worst of the cancers.
And cancer is the worst of the diseases.
It's the Portland of diseases.
No, it's...
No, no, no.
I mean, get up.
Meaning is the best.
What Jeff means is that in disease world,
in the monsters incorporated of disease world,
cancer is like high-fives people on the way
it's job of making people miserable in normal world.
So he's right.
Cancer writes a bike and has a Zach Galifianakis beard.
Cancer is the Billy Crystal of diseases in disease world,
which is weird because Billy Crystal is the cancer of people in normal world.
I just got that.
But I can't.
Thank God.
You can't wear a camera in your head the whole time.
It constricts your head.
It's so...
All right.
So I was saying, oh, Morgan, that's terrible.
Bone, bone, bone.
I heard that's the worst of them.
Like, it's...
Well, pancreatic.
Well, pancreatic's the worst, but it's fast, isn't it?
No.
No? Okay.
All right.
I don't want to get cancer.
Well, I do want to get a cancer debate.
That's fine.
I'm not shrugging that off.
We can talk about cancer.
But sir, at least admit this much.
It's bad to have bone cancer.
Okay, God.
Okay.
That's what...
I was in the green room having a conversation, and it was like, oh, our tour manager, his
dad, and boom.
And I just expressed it.
It was like, what is God doing?
What is his end game?
What's his problem?
Like, what's this guy's deal?
And Morgan's like, what do you mean?
It was like, what's he doing?
What's he doing to us?
And Morgan said, yeah, he definitely needs a hobby about God.
God needs a hobby.
He needs a hobby that's too focused.
Then it dawned on me.
Hobby.
Dungeons and Dragons.
Spencer is God.
I would go for that for sure.
That's an acceptable religion.
Like, if I started to L. Ron Hubbard into a kind of like Philip Seymour Hoffman master,
kind of like Tom Cruise, Magnolia kind of like vibe where I was like, this is how you
feel.
Like, everyone would go, eh, it's funny if it's a joke and he's fatty, stupid.
He's fired from comedian.
But if we started to worship Spencer, it would never get abused.
And also, God needs a hobby.
If that hobby was Dungeons and Dragons, all of life's rules would be consistent.
All of the randomness would be die rolls.
And we would all have character sheets.
And everything, we could all level up consistently or die and be resurrected as other things.
It all works.
And I think that based on his freestyle rapping, like, Spencer may be actually God.
Like, he could be like God on earth.
And it makes sense to think about everything you know about Spencer, our dungeon master.
He appeared out of nowhere.
We don't know anything about him.
He raised his hand in the audience and said, do we need a dungeon master?
And he went, I'm a dungeon master.
And he came that night not knowing that you were going to say that, but he came with the idea,
I have to drive from Simi Valley to Hollywood, which I never did.
Someone needs a dungeon master.
Because I want to play D&D with Dan Harmon.
He came that night and you asked him to come up.
You can listen to the podcast.
It's recorded where he just appears out of nowhere and goes, I am a dungeon master.
He wears shorts in the snow.
That's another God-like quality.
He's the best freestyle rapper ever.
He can rap about dinosaurs.
He can rap about...
Also, he's very bashful.
He's a shy guy.
However, he's the most unflappable person on stage.
You can't tamper with Spencer.
He has a...
And this is where it gets kind of Christ-like, where it's like half God, half man.
Or Hercules, if you're offended by the Christianity thing.
It's like, it doesn't matter.
The idea of half man, half God, has existed forever.
Google it.
He is relatable because you can access him, but he's incorruptible at the same time.
He's separate from us.
We talk about love.
He's like, I love.
Love is for people.
I'm not a people.
He kind of disagrees with everything.
You take him to a bar and he goes like, I've been to four bars.
It's not really working.
And he went off to a garden somewhere and he can't like...
Let's bring him out.
Let's bring God out.
Yee-haw!
Yeah.
No, it's a program.
It's like Toby Keith would...
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I'm proud to have Spencer.
Ask my Lord and God.
Stars and Mars and Americas and dice rollin' hard.
Well, with those chickens, sheites come a terrorist icing me.
I'm going to refer him to Spencer and have him get a critical hit for me.
He's got a beard and he's not on a cloud.
He's down here playin' D&D.
Spencer is my God, America, you and me.
Sorry, it's not a good song, but...
Too much.
I like it.
He likes it.
Am I on?
Yeah, it sounds good.
All right.
How's it going, guys?
Hey, hey.
Spencer, I'm being attacked by a mankind...
By Toby Keith.
...approaching you in a shirt that can only be described as tight and ill-fitting.
The blue and black plaid screams out, trying too hard.
With a lilting voice and a pin that plugs his Denver-based eye-heart of this barbecue
and grill, whatever the fuck that place was.
He starts to play a song about a red cup or some shit.
That's all.
That's all I got.
All right.
Yeah.
That's one.
Again, the references, you know, not my forte.
Can we get our mics up a little bit?
At least in the monitor, please?
Sound guy?
Check one, two.
Shit.
There we go.
Yeah, Portland.
Nice city.
What's up with your mics?
We like everything else, but mics are a little cold.
I can't really see anybody except people in the front row.
Have you been to Portland before, Dan?
Yeah, I've been to Portland.
I spoke at this thing, this XOXO festival.
It was like six months ago.
I came here.
I hung out with Adam Savage from Mythbusters.
Oh, shit.
Damn.
Ate a sandwich with him.
Very lukewarm applause for Adam Savage.
More important than that, did someone boo him?
Can you imagine someone coming?
God, bust too many myths.
No, he doesn't.
Jamie Hinderman busts the myths.
He's fucking hanging on for dear life.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Jamie's doing all the fucking heavy lifting on that show.
I am actively endeavoring to bust the myth of our lack of friendship between me and Adam.
I told him as much.
I'm sure he never gets that.
Are you guys pals?
I'm trying to make it happen.
Are you a fan of that show?
Well, I saw like six episodes of it a long time ago.
Yeah.
Are they still doing them?
Jesus.
I think that show busts the myth that they're funny.
Because they keep doing sketch comedy and it's the worst.
Please stop asking those fuckers to do sketch comedy.
Just tell me the facts.
Bust a myth.
Don't do sketch comedy.
Don't dress up like ninjas and be like,
Who's the 20 fucking guy that always hurts himself?
Tori.
Tori, what a cunt.
He's like, yeah, I'm a ninja.
Just fucking just build something and don't be a dick and fucking get on with it.
All right.
Well, all right.
Yeah.
Toby Keith.
Jimmy Buffett.
Fuck it.
Tori from fucking myth buzzers.
Fuck him.
Jeff.
Yeah.
We are in the Nike capital of the country.
Nike?
Fuck Nike.
Does anybody work at Nike?
No.
No, because Nike.
It's just an office and it's just like there's a PO box.
You have to be a 14 year old girl from Kuala Lumpur to work at Nike.
But you can become CEO.
Oh yeah.
There's no glass ceiling there.
Well, I thought that because we were trying to sponsor our show with Nike earlier.
We gave Nike a chance and they dropped the ball.
We tried to cattle one.
What the hell's going on over there?
No, they're just ordering nothing.
There's ordering, ordering, ordering us to be distracted.
What are you looking on your phone right now for?
I wanted to check and see.
Did you get a text?
What's going on over there?
No, no, no.
I just wanted to make sure I didn't make any notes and I sure didn't.
I don't know.
No.
Nope.
Just hanging out in Portland.
Hope this gets better.
I have to say about Portland, without a doubt, is one of my favorite cities I've ever been
to in the world.
Portland is the fucking graveyard.
Very strangely, you guys take food very seriously here.
But even simple things, like a grilled cheese is better here for some reason.
Speaking of...
Oh.
Yeah, we're not drinking cattle one tonight.
If we go through a city that has their own local vodka and it's decent, we're drinking
house spirits.
It's a Volstead vodka, right?
Yeah, I don't know.
Volstead, named after the act that prohibited alcohol for what?
15 years?
How long was the prohibition?
20 years?
15?
20 till what?
33.
33?
13 years, yeah.
Sports Corner!
Oh my God, everybody keep clapping until I find the music for it.
Oh my God.
I don't know where it's at.
Sports Corner.
Hello, Portland Oregon.
It's Sports Corner time with Dan Harmon.
He loves sports.
I know you do too, because you're Harmontown fans.
If anything says sports, it says Harmontown.
Nike, brought to you by Nike.
Nike, we're racists.
Go fuck yourself.
Hey, Dan, how about those blazers this year?
What do you think?
Finally.
Yeah, you can hear it in the crowd.
The blazers have really turned it around.
What do you think they came from and where are they headed?
What direction of the blazer is headed?
I like to think they come from Portland, but I make no assumptions.
The free agent system being what it is, the new drafts, the second drafts, the third drafts.
You don't go into regionals with the team you want.
You get the team that you get, and I think Coach Norfolk, he knows how to pick the winners
at the beginning of the draftable season.
Do you think it was a mistake to bring Steve Nash in after the injury?
Steve Nash's injury was, to me, largely cosmetic.
It's no big deal, we're just summoning a giant moth.
She protects us.
It's going to seem like a monster, but when Godzilla gets here, you'll be thankful.
Dan, I know this is a hot button topic for you, especially because you love soccer so much.
The timbers versus the sounders.
The Cascadia Cup is coming up in a couple of days.
I've always said timbers, sounders, Jeff, I say merge them together, put them into a timbersounder.
But until the league allows us to do that, timbers are an offensive team and the sounders are defensive.
It's always been the way it is since the 40s going through Jacobson and all the way through Landgraf,
Greenblatt, and all those coaches.
The only Jewish soccer coach in MLS history.
His famous, this is a team, speech.
I know you're a big Greenblatt fan, can you give us some of the Jewish coach speech?
Who can forget him saying, this is a way to kick a ball.
This is a way to kick a ball.
You don't throw, you don't write.
Just a smidge of offense is always the best defense, but what do I know?
Dan, next season, coin toss. Who do you like? Ducks or beavers?
I'm telling you beavers for sure, for only one reason.
You've got a front line that's amazing, they're always there ahead of the back line.
They know how to charge forward and gain that valuable footage and yardage and stack it against.
They keep the knees iced, they keep the defense on the point and they flank correctly.
I can't tell you how many of that sports, particular teams...
Which of the two schools do you like?
The schools of thought regarding the sport that we're talking about?
Which university do you like the most between Ducks and Beavers?
I think that...
Are you saying which...
I'm just asking you to name one of the schools.
A University of Portland, I think.
UP, UP.
UP, they've got it tied up in a ribbon.
OK, Sports Corner with Dan Harmon.
Something happened after the Mothra attack, we're ringing out now.
I kicked a chord and it all held broke loose.
I kicked a chord.
And I liked it.
Who's in pain tonight?
I don't say I'm pancreatic. No, that's fine.
I don't know why I would adjust. Don't come up and be a pancreatic cancer.
We don't want your bullshit up here.
Who's in transitional, emotional...
You're moving tomorrow?
I had one back up there.
It's hard for me to see from up here.
Is that a gal? What's your name?
Alma.
Alma, get up here. Alma, everybody.
If you want to, if you want to come up.
I learned in either Madison or Minneapolis,
I can't remember which, that we got to remember to say,
would you like to come up here?
So that if they're assholes, you get to ask them,
why did you come up here?
I made the mistake.
I got in the habit of like, get up here.
And then a guy was like, hey, I'm an asshole.
And I was like, why are you being an asshole?
He's like, you told me to come up here.
And I kind of didn't have a...
Hello, Alma.
Hello.
So you're in a transition in your life?
I am.
What kind?
In fact, well, I just started a new job recently.
Can you give us details?
I work at a bakery. I'm a baker.
That's your new job?
Yeah.
It's not that awesome bakery with the windows where you can look in.
I walked past one from my...
Were you on Alberta?
I don't know.
I should have more information for you.
There are a lot of bakeries that do that.
I do have a fish bowl at my bakery.
I could smell cookies everywhere.
It's like, why is it cooking?
It's midnight.
And then I walked past this place and I looked in the window and there was...
There's just bread, loaves of bread going everywhere,
like little trolley cars and...
That doesn't sound like my bakery, unfortunately.
Okay.
It sounds fantastic.
And yours, the bread just sits there like a...
Like in a big pot of bread.
Well, I mean, it's well displayed.
It's not open to the public.
Because we're like peering in.
It's displayed.
It's just...
And I sell pastries, lots of pastries.
So that's your new job?
It's the new job.
Yeah.
I just started it in December.
And your old job was...
I worked at a food cart where I made grilled cheese sandwiches,
but that job ended back in June.
Right.
So it's been a long...
Oh, so really it was...
The pain was about the period of unemployment.
Yes.
Did you collect unemployment?
No.
Did you know that you can?
I didn't.
It's the way that I became unemployed.
It's causing me...
Oh.
Physical pain as well.
I was injured.
Oh.
Injured.
Like in a food cart?
No.
Regrettably.
What?
That would have been more often.
Oh, you get injured off duty.
Yeah.
Well, what happened?
I got hit by a cement lamppost.
Is that your revisionist way of saying you walked into a lamppost?
Because those don't tend to move around a lot.
I got stabbed by a lamppost seven times.
A fire hydrant kicked my foot.
You mean you're an alcoholic?
No.
That's what you mean.
I mean, Alma, what...
Lampposts are fucking vicious.
I got attacked.
No, explain what happened.
So, I was at a park on the 4th of July and some friends of mine were there
and they had a slack line.
Do you know what slack lining is?
No, no.
I do.
Explain to them.
All right.
So, it's kind of...
That's 40 bucks downtown, right?
Yeah.
So, it's...
I saw somebody poop in your chest, right?
It's a...
Okay.
I mean, if you want, I...
What is slack lining?
Slack lining is...
So, you've got a nylon rope similar to what we'd used for climbing.
And you set it up between two things.
And in this case, we're setting up really low to the ground.
So, no higher than this.
Okay.
Knee level.
Knee level?
Okay.
Yeah.
And so, we were at a park and we were like, hey, let's play with the slack line.
So, okay, we'll set it up.
And the two trees that we picked were too far apart.
So, somebody else said, hey, lampposts, let's try that.
But wait, I have to stop you.
Because what are you doing with the rope?
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
You walk across.
You took it like a tight rope walker.
Moreness.
Instead of tight, it's slack line.
Yeah.
Oh, wait, wait.
So, it's like an entertainment thing?
Like a performance?
Yeah.
You do a tight rope act?
Well, in this case, we're just fucking around.
Right.
Well, no.
But yes, you could do it for entertainment.
There's a movie.
The name which I can't remember.
The subtitle is Flight of the Frenchies.
And they're doing something similar.
But that's way more extreme.
Man on a wire.
Well, I don't think that's.
The subtitle, Flight of the Frenchies and Man on the Wire.
Maybe not.
You're doing a tight rope act.
You're fucking around, which is entertainment, whatever.
Okay.
We're all on the same page now.
So, the idea is that you have to have a little bit of tension on the line or you can't walk
on it.
It's useless.
There's a little bit of tension on the line.
And I'm standing.
So, if this is the tree, that's the lamppost.
I'm standing right about here.
And the lamp, it just set up.
And we're just figuring out if it's tight enough to walk on.
And one way I put his foot on it and it gets right off because something is wrong.
And I'm looking at him over here.
And you're kind of where my boyfriend is standing.
He's going to like, he shouts my name.
I turn and I look and the lamppost is right here.
I do.
You found one of Portland's many scandalous fake lampposts that they had stalled to get
all that, you know, nearly blind grant money.
There was like, they found like a bunch of like, in the 70s to the 90s, like New York
had like a whole shitload of fake fire hydrants that they just put that they did not have
water underneath them.
It had to do with like city funding or something.
Anyways, look it up.
I'm one of those guys that goes, I read this, but then you'll look it up and it's all bullshit.
But anyways, a concrete lamppost comes crashing down on you.
And where did it hit you?
It hit me right here.
On your head.
And then it hit you right here.
Like a lamppost is like a million.
It's enormous.
And it has a lamp.
It's everything.
So here's what happened.
The lamp hit me here and then gave me this little laceration right up here.
On her head.
She's pointing to her head.
It's a podcast, Alma.
Come on.
I'm sorry.
She's pointing at her head.
So right in the middle, like right on the top of my scalp, it's like an inch long or so.
They had to close out with staples.
Oh, damn it.
And then you went home and you explained to your mom.
She's like, what were you doing?
What's the lamppost?
I called my dad from the hospital.
He's like, what?
Were you fixing a lamppost?
No, dad.
I was slack roping.
And I wasn't even on the line.
Like that's the really distressing thing.
Like I was just standing there.
Are you, is there any like hangover from that?
Is there any like lasting injury to that?
Yeah, I'm still, that's where the pain's coming from.
I have a mid-foot spray and that is yet to heal.
Like I had a broken ankle and stitches and surgery and nonsense and bad things and like
six months on it.
None of this is covered by insurance, I assume.
I would not.
If I was an insurance company, I would say you tether a lamppost and pull them down as
part of your ad hoc clown act at your own peril.
When that goes wrong, it's force majeure as far as we're concerned here at Allstate.
That is also what the city said.
I mean, but simultaneously I think only in Portland, coolest city in the world.
People shouldn't do that more often.
And you totally should.
This is not a cautionary tale.
Do go slack lining.
Don't use a lamppost, but do go slack lining because it's a lot of fun.
I would have thought those things were like deep into the ground.
There was a whole lamppost high thing that like dropped it in.
No, no.
Oh, no.
They're designed to pop right off if you hit them in a car.
Oh.
So it's like Grand Theft Auto.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
Wait, they're designed to break?
Yeah, like if you hit a tree, tree stays put.
If you hit a lamppost, lamppost's gone.
But I guess the trade-off is that you're alone.
That's our first commandment.
We're slowly going to compile a religion here.
Oh, no.
I think God talks like a caveman.
Yeah.
Time limited.
Hit tree, tree stays put.
Hit lamppost, lamppost's gone.
Killing people bad.
Don't be a dick.
Fuck off.
All right.
So because you sustained that injury, the food cart that you worked for was like, go fuck yourself.
I had recently left them.
I had a two or three-week period plan where I was going to take a week or two off in the summertime,
have fun, and then go to work at a different food cart.
And in between is that's when the accident happened.
Oh.
And so I'm still looking at bread go by on a conveyor belt, thinking about what you used to be.
It's actually not that set.
Right now I'm just getting to the happy part.
We're on the upswing now.
Finally, I have a degree in baking, so baking is what I want to do.
It's what I love to do.
So you're not in a painful transition?
I am because my foot prevents me.
My injury prevents me from doing more.
I'm working two days a week right now with the third training day, and I can't do any more than that.
You're adjusting to life with someone who's not allowed to slack line?
I'm adjusting.
Yes.
Right?
Okay.
Well, that's Alma.
All right.
Let's have a hand for Alma for sharing her pain.
Alma.
Is there, well, just one more question.
Like, if there's anything that you could do, it doesn't stop at slacklining, right?
Like, what would you do if you could do anything?
Everything.
Oh.
All right.
Inspiring, but boring.
That's fine.
It's a fine, healthy answer.
I guess that would be mine too.
It would be a long fucking walk.
I'd go for a fucking bike ride.
All right.
Alma, the slackliner who would do everything.
We're going to, Alma, we're going to do your, you can go eat some pita bread, and we're
going to, we're going to do a movie for Alma.
Okay.
I've been having some success with this.
I want to do, like, Alma's, like, life story, I guess.
It's, it's called, uh, slackliner, slackliner.
Alma?
Honey, it's time to get up.
Dad.
Yes.
Alma, come on.
It's time to get up.
Breakfast is ready, Alma.
Dad, I was dreaming.
Dreaming about what?
More of that slackline?
Door comes down.
Listen, you come from a long line of tight liners.
We keep our lines taught.
If I find you walking on a line that is not taught, what have I told you about non-taught
lines?
What have I always told you?
You don't give, uh, the slack...
We're going to break an ankle doing that shit.
Yes.
But you had a saying about it too.
All right.
So I'm going to go back to work at the, at the, uh, lamppost factory.
He just doesn't get me.
All right.
I'm going to, I'm going to do my last day of work at the, uh, food truck.
Alma?
Yes.
You're fired.
What?
But I've been...
No.
You're fucking, you're fired.
You, I, I...
You guys keep moving the truck.
I can't find you.
It's called the food truck.
Yeah.
If it, if it, if it didn't have wheels, we'd call it a restaurant.
This thing has wheels on it.
Also, I found out yesterday that you served some cheese that wasn't grilled.
What have I told you about grilling cheese?
It must be grilled.
Or, or you're breaking ankle.
You're cruising for a bruise, Alma.
You're fired.
You just like my dad.
Fuck you.
Stupid truck.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to get a job at a place
that is almost identical to a food truck, but without the truck part.
Oh, wait.
Look at this giant loaf of bread rotating around those buildings.
Bonjour, ma cuisine.
Oh, hello.
Welcome to my bakery.
Would you like a job?
Hey.
Yes.
Are we fair enough?
My, my name is Alma.
Alma what?
Alma bitches?
It's, it's a, it's a French joke.
Forgive me.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
You're hired because I like your sense of humor.
Be careful.
Toe the line.
Do not do anything different than the rules state.
No, you're going to break an ankle.
Hey, I'm, I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I've got, I've got two good feet and a brain ready to do everything.
Later that night.
Hey, Alma, how's it going?
Whoa.
Hey Sasquatch.
Hey.
It's Yeti.
Anyway, that's cool, man.
It's Portland fucking deal.
Yeah.
If I had a dollar for every one of my friends that was named after the mythical abominable
snowman.
Hey, look, man, Alma, I know that you come from a long line of top liners, but me and
we're going to go fucking slack landed later on.
It's not for me.
Everyone's doing it.
The line is less taught Sasquatch.
No way.
We're going to tie off to the, we're going to, your father worked at the lamppost mill.
We know that those are going to be sound instead.
He's also a tight liner.
I know.
We're going to slack line on it, man.
It's less taught.
There's less tension there, man.
I mean, even girl thought balloon.
My dad is a tight liner and he makes a lamppost.
I have so lonely.
I want to fuck Sasquatch so bad.
Listen, I'll just check it out and see what it looks like.
Look, man, I'll tie it off.
Look, I'll come over to, man, this is one of your dad's lampposts.
I'm going to tie it off.
Oh, by the way, if you cross this, I'm going to fuck you so fucking hard afterward, man.
Well, it's, you know, let's anchor it up, but not too tight.
Hey, careful.
Don't break your ankle.
All right, Sasquatch.
Well, you test it out.
That's good.
Oh, my head.
Kubrickian unconscious scene.
Not a montage, but like a sequence.
That's the word I lost.
Kubrickian unconscious sequence.
Tight liner.
Slack liner.
That's my dad dressed as a loaf of bread.
Bonjour.
He's French.
You're all going to break everybody's ankles now.
But there's a monkey on the other side of the room.
Hello, I'm a Sasquatch.
Wow.
The monkey and the Sasquatch and the bread.
Everything's the same.
Honey, honey, wake up.
It's your father.
Dad.
Hi.
You were having a...
The door goes down.
You were having a terrible dream.
Were you dreaming about doing anything other than what you're supposed to do by following the rules?
No.
Never, ever, ever follow your dreams.
I'm a man.
You're a woman.
I run shit.
Anything you do out of the ordinary is going to break your ankles.
Inside Alma's father's bloodstream...
I'm a monster.
I'm an alien monster.
Alpha monster.
Beta bloodstream monster reported for duty.
Let's give this asshole bone cancer.
Pancreatic cancer.
Pancreatic, it's way worse.
Okay, alright.
That's maybe too soon, but...
Turning the little-known giant valve inside every human body that gives them cancer.
Outside Alma's father's body.
Honey?
Dad?
Oh, shit.
And another thing, dad.
My bones.
What?
Oh, dad!
You just broke my ankle.
The hunters become the hunted.
Run!
The whole house is crumbling apart for some reason.
I'm leaping.
Actual Sasquatch comes up and says, fucking you.
In mid-air, with the Sasquatch fucking me, I turned a sumo at a volleyball interest
frame and I hit it, at which point we transitioned to the 2018 Olympics on a beach.
Oh, and Alma wants the women's volleyball championship.
It's in the way that she uses it.
Come, there you go.
I can do everything!
There you are, Alma.
Wow, that's a good movie.
That seemed like a good movie.
I would grant that.
I had everything.
I had a little bit of everything.
Yeah.
I would rent that.
Did you know that Matthew Lillard played the Sasquatch?
I did not know that.
Pretty cool.
Spencer, what did you think about that?
I thought it was great.
Definitely, definitely in the top three sketches.
Yeah, well, you wouldn't think that, you asshole.
What rap battle?
Fuck this guy!
Rap battle, angry, angry at him.
Rap battle, anger!
I'm the king of the rap stage with my microphone.
I fucked your mama because I hate being alone.
I'm so lonely deep inside.
I fucked your mama so hard, pushing out wide.
I said, hang out, I'll be back later.
I fucked your mama because I'm an alligator.
I chopped your pussy with my big teeth
and a bird came in and cleaned them out.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Go, Spencer.
Yo, Dan Harmon's putting me down,
but you all just see that he's a sad clown.
He's standing over there and doing a dance,
and we can all see that there's holes in his pants.
I'm sitting over here and I'm having a good time
trying to come up with my next rhyme.
I think I'm gonna rhyme about the audience being cool.
I think you don't even really drool.
Your pants are fine.
Oh, thank you.
It's a big conflict.
How are we doing on time, Jeff?
We're good.
What time do we start? I have no idea.
What time is it? 7.30?
Oh, shit, we're late.
Here's some facts about Portland, Jeff.
Did you know some facts about Portland?
I did not.
There's no second act to Portland.
Was that a heckle?
Are you Roger Ebert?
There's no second act.
Aristotle.
What's that?
Bobcat's not up next.
I'm a screenwriter, so when I heard second act,
I was like, fuck you, there's a second act.
What do you call that rap battle, you asshole?
You see the sweat on my forehead?
There's a fucking second act. Holy shit.
We started at 7.30 impossible. What time do we go on?
No.
7.45? Okay, fuck it.
But we haven't touched them yet.
We touched Elmo.
I saw Squatch fucked you.
Is there a quick way to touch them
and then play D&D and then touch them hard?
She wants to be touched.
You want to be touched?
Come up and get touched, I guess.
Is it that simple?
Get touched. Much fuck.
Much get touched.
Touch corner.
New segment. Touch corner.
Welcome to Touch Corner.
We're Dan Harmon.
Yeah, I met Megan at the Thinkacross trade.
Hello, Megan.
Touch corner.
Oh, Megan. Dickens, Faggin.
That's it.
Megan, what's up with you?
Lots of things.
Did you literally just want to get touched physically?
Well, yeah, but...
But also emotionally, deeply,
spiritually, physically, psychically.
What part of you, Megan,
spiritually has gotten untouched until tonight?
Oh, all of it.
The whole spirit, the whole soul?
Basically everything.
Narrow it down a bit.
Narrow it down.
Well, I'm very untouchable.
You're untouchable?
Kind of. I'm very...
I'm an asshole.
Do you work with Elliott Ness in the...
No.
Do you bring a knife to a gun fight?
I work in an office
and I don't
get along with anybody there.
What's wrong with the people
that you work with or what's wrong with you?
What's keeping you from connecting
with people?
I'm not a very nice person.
You are? I'm not.
So what do you do in a typical exchange?
What keeps you there? So let's do a scene.
I'm a co-worker.
I'll be Sasquatch.
Oh, God.
Okay, cool, cool, cool.
Megan, where do you work?
I work in an office
in a manufacturing plant.
Okay, alright.
Hey, Megan.
These manufacturing papers
don't indicate
enough of...
Ah, fuck you.
Jesus Christ, what the fuck?
Motherfuckers, I just...
What the fuck, Megan? I'm just...
I'm doing my job.
I can do it better.
Hey, do you want to go out sometime?
You know what?
I'm taking this
to your supervisor.
Wait, wait, wait.
If you say
that you did this,
I'll let it go.
Okay.
Wow, that's tempting.
I did this.
Alright, alright.
I'm tuned.
Mr. Jacobson, I...
I did this with the manufacturing papers.
You did this? Yeah.
You're hired.
Oh, fuck you.
Megan, now I'm your boss.
Yeah, but...
Now do you want to go out? Yeah.
Alright.
Let's go to...
Let's go to the dance club.
Oh, there's a famous rapper
up on stage.
Breakdown.
I'm a famous Portland rapper.
My name is Crippity Crapper.
I rap from the shorelines
to the coast.
I'm a famous Portland rapper.
Blah, blah, blah.
Whoa, this is great.
I love coming to this.
I like it.
Yeah.
Let's go back to your place.
Jesus Christ, there's human heads everywhere.
I know.
What the fuck is your problem?
Wait, wait, wait.
You better have a good explanation for this.
Okay, I know. I know it looks really bad.
This is so bad.
You start talking.
Okay, okay, okay.
I have a lot of experience morning.
There's like so many experiments.
I think the experiment is over
and heads can't live
when they're not on bodies.
Okay, there's like different levels.
Yeah, the head level and the body level.
They're supposed to work together.
Okay, so like this one.
This one is running like
what happens?
Do you chop a head off?
Wait a minute.
One of these heads is Hitler.
Okay, okay, okay.
No, Hitler's...
That looks really bad.
Hitler's rapping.
Oh, Hitler rapping.
My name is Hitler and I'm here to say
I'd like to take over Europe today.
I'm about to go with my sleeping plan
and sweep through sweets
and that's all I can do.
And next Poland and wear a uniform.
I should have stayed in art school.
Wow, that's really great.
You know what?
I'm very Polish.
I'm starting to warm up to you.
I'm super Polish.
I'm super Polish, too.
Well, let's get married.
That's good.
All right.
Eight years later...
You call this a
a fucking sandwich?
Yeah, well what the fuck do you want from me?
What the fuck do you want from me?
You're never there!
I'm so angry!
Yeah, of course he's fucked up.
You're never there!
Oh shit, our children are rapping.
I wish mom and dad would fight.
I wish I was never born.
I wish I wasn't white.
I wish I had a better life
from a little baby child of Megan and Pam.
Stop dancing!
These fucking kids are shitty rappers.
I hate this sandwich.
Of course it does!
In a magazine I took a quiz
and said if you go to a woman's house
and she has decapitated hands
and one of us is an animatronic hitler
and that's gonna be shit
and I didn't listen to it
and I fucking regret this.
I regret this shit.
I regret working with you.
I regret handing you that paper.
I regret all the chances I took on you.
But I love you.
I can't stay mad at you.
I love you so much.
Everything is so important.
Everything in life
comes down to that one moment.
Everything is important
from the trees
to the bushes
to the rocks
Everything
is important.
Sasquatch comes in.
A long crawl
about statistics of Sasquatch Rape.
There are 75,000 instances
of Sasquatch Rape
in the Northwest.
Most people don't report it.
That knows that too.
The Library of Congress.
They don't believe us.
All right, Megan everybody.
Megan.
I guess we got to New Portland
a little better.
That makes sense.
We learned a lot about Portland today.
Makes sense to me.
Although I'm pretty blown out.
What is this called? Volstead?
All right, we should play D&D now.
Look at this guy over here.
Is it time?
You know what?
A guy came up to me
at the bar,
Spencer. A guy came up to me and he said,
I love your podcast.
I have one note, and I was like, here we go.
And he said, you should separate
the D&D from the podcast
and do a whole D&D thing with Spencer
and have celebrity guests.
And I was like, Andrew, shut up.
I did it. I sold that show.
We're going to do that on the web.
It's going to be a whole different thing.
That's Spencer, dungeon master.
Fuck yeah.
It's D&D time.
He was like, oh, I already knew that.
I just wanted to, like, I invented it
to talk to you about.
And I was like, I ripped up his face.
And I was like, dad.
And he was like, like, I'm sorry.
I had polio.
Let's get Erin McGathy to the stage.
Erin McGathy, are you up there?
All right.
What have Aaron came up with his shirt off?
I was toying with the idea.
I just had my tights off
with, like, a target around my pussy.
Everybody, did we go?
Like, Spencer's wearing a t-shirt
that says Master of Dungeons.
I'm wearing a t-shirt that says Sharpie.
I spilled. I had a rob.
Rob's the awesome guy who made all these shirts.
Let's go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go with the awesome guy
who made all these shirts.
Let's hear from Rob.
He made me a shirt
with two arrows that said
adventure, I spilled vodka over it.
But I had it on earlier.
Vodka leaves a terrible stain.
But Rob, let me tell you,
she spills vodka over everything she loves.
Including vodka.
Like, like, like, like.
Her boyfriend. The planet.
Birth certificates.
It's a christening.
Wait, this guy's got a camera on his head and he went to the bathroom, did you just film yourself taking a piss?
Oh, I don't know.
There's no red light on it, is it out of D12 or whatever?
Oh my god, he has blood all over his face.
Neil, make sure it's still rolling.
And also, give him $3 off his ticket price? Jesus Christ.
I was told by Morgan, our tour manager, that I need to announce that after the show we're going to the Lucky Labrador across the street.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that's where Spencer and I will be selling merch and where you can buy prints and t-shirts and Dan and Jeff will sign them only $50 a signature.
No, no, no, no.
I'll sign anything you buy and also you don't have to buy anything.
I'll sign, I'll sign your napkin, I'll sign.
I will, for no price, I will mime Sasquatch rape you.
Portland, you guys are fucking weird, I love this.
Also, Spencer and I have a special kissing booth where you can stand in the middle and we'll kiss your teeth.
And watch them kiss, they will kiss each other.
Alright, Spencer, can we get our character sheets please?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Spencer's passed that down to...
Spencer's now dispensing the character shirts.
Yeah, shirts.
Spencer, get us up to date.
Would you please, in the campaign, when we last met, the party was still trapped in the confines of the Infinifish.
After taking out a lung and returning to where Quark had countered the kidney, the party took on the massive ordnance and the spidery spark...
Ah, fuck.
And the spidery sparks guarding it.
The kidney was eventually destroyed and the gang pressed on through a thicket of fleshy cords, sliding down a slimy slide to a pink flat form.
Fuck.
At the bottom, they fought a tricky slime in case in which was a book.
And after slicing and dicing the bloody slime, Sharpie was able to retrieve said magical toe.
The only way out appeared to be a large sphincter on the floor.
What would they do?
I think I've said this before, but it would be so handy to have Spencer, like, in your day-to-day life as an alcoholic.
You went to the drawing room and started doing shots of Ferdinand Branca.
Yes, you left your credit card there.
At about 3 p.m. Geno came by and you ended up going to the LA Zoo.
Searching for your wallet, do you realize?
If you get a text from Margaret, don't answer it.
Margaret?
Yeah.
Alright, so now...
That's why.
I'm gonna say, just to start things off with a fun note, I'm gonna just take a foot through that sphincter on the floor and see what goes.
Just the one foot?
Listen, you know what?
I'm gonna run and I'm gonna go like a long jumper.
One, two, and then I'm gonna put my hands up on my head and I'm gonna feet first to go through the sphincter on the floor.
But what are you gonna do in D&D?
Huh?
Nice, nice.
Don't just snap.
Just snap.
At what time is it appropriate?
I just saw these t-shirts over here.
When do we bring those up?
In a bit.
Alright.
Yes.
Wow.
Dan Harmon fucked my mama and all I got was this lousy t-shirt.
All my mama got was these lousy herpes.
No, they're great herpes.
No, they're great.
Baby, babe, they're great herpes.
They're weaponized.
Alright, so I do a one, two, three, and I make myself like, I go feet first through the sphincter on the floor, Spencer.
Bloop.
You swiftly slide through the sphincter and find yourself in a small chamber.
In front of you is a meat curtain.
You sense something powerful and dangerous behind.
Oh man, is this gonna be like the Indiana Jones thing, but it's a turd, like, rolling?
Cause you're obviously in a colon, right?
I don't know.
You're running from a round ball.
I'm looking at a meat curtain, yeah.
So what are my surroundings?
You're just in a small area.
It's pretty closed off.
You just flew through like a giant sphincter.
Okay, I do a cartwheel and do a round off.
And as I round off, I try to round off through the meat curtain so that when I emerge through the other side of the meat curtain, I go like,
Ta-da!
So I do a cartwheel and then tuck and then do a round off and I land.
I go through the meat curtain.
Okay, so cartwheel, tuck the knees.
Yeah.
Round off.
Right.
Meat curtain, ta-da.
Okay.
I'm upside down doing the tuck as I go through the meat curtain.
And ideally, I would round off and be facing whatever I'm facing at the other side of the meat curtain.
Well, you attempt that.
All right.
Your shoulders get stuck in the meat curtain.
No!
You fall unceremoniously outward.
Should have done five more round offs.
I fall where?
Into a largest room.
Oh, so I've gone through the meat curtain.
You can see through the meat curtain.
I wouldn't say you're entirely through it.
But I'm in a largest room.
Yeah, and you're also like falling on the ground from failing your cartwheel maneuver.
Okay, then I just crawl, like army crawl, hand over hand through the meat curtain into the greater room.
The room is littered with flabby tubes and arteries.
The walls are covered in web-like lattices of veins and strands of fibrous tissues.
You can see a large throbbing heart standing in the center of the room.
Hanging from the ceiling are two orange orbs of tissue, perhaps some sort of nerve cluster or other thing.
Two flabby tubes reminiscent of slag might stand up straight, near by the heart.
Flabby tubes, he was an actor in all those old John Wayne movies, right?
Yeah, no, it's terrible what happened to him.
The studio system really victimized him.
Hey, you can go into that heart, are you?
There's gold in there.
What's happening?
The famous story is that flabby tubes murdered that kid, but it was all, it's not true.
Walt Disney murdered the kid and blamed it on flabby tubes.
I hollered a Sharpie and Mulraine and said,
Hey guys, I think I found the heart and possibly two nerve clusters. Get on in here.
Oh, is he coming back up through the sphincter?
No, I hollered.
Did the sound carry through meat curtains?
You hear the faint, squelchy sound of Quark's voice coming through the sphincter.
Does it sound like he's saying, don't come down here, I'm being digested by a sphincter?
Or does it sound like he's maybe saying data in the goonies, hey, I found another room?
You hear, it sounds like he mentioned something about a heart.
Okay, well, I jumped down through the sphincter.
You can jump through the sphincter, you can leave your friends behind,
cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance, they're not friends of mine.
Sphincter dance.
No, no, don't fucking clap for that shit.
Don't reward that.
If you don't give a shit about the goonies reference, then fuck the safety dance.
Just let me sit up here and die in front of you of old age.
Let me turn into Mount Rushmore.
No, no, no, don't.
Sherby, you can't just go through the sphincter, you have to cartwheel through the meat curtains
and then army crawl through the rest of the meat curtain.
I actually want to use that stick that you gave me that has the button on it.
I'm gonna put the stick through the sphincter, so to speak,
and then slide down it like a fireman's pole.
Because I pressed the button.
Is this because you went to the embers today?
Embers is awesome, the fish tank bar.
We didn't have a big fight, but it's cool that there's fish in the bar
and then inevitably someone's gonna go, oh, those fish aren't being taken care of.
Like, come on, but they're in a bar.
It's a tranny bar, right?
Yeah, but the fish don't know that.
I don't think anyone was like, oh, these trannies are a bad influence on the fish.
They're gonna start dressing up as snakes.
Yeah, it's a drag queen, they have drag queen shows, yeah.
But this was during the day, they're open at like 11, you can go sit there and it's like beautiful
and they're gonna fish tank bar.
Embers, I enjoyed it.
I didn't want to feel bad for the fish, I thought the fish were, there's goldfish,
they're a robust species of fish.
And the whole bar is a fish tank.
That means that the fish are over here and they could go all the way to the end of the bar.
If you were a fish, they came from a lake.
No, they didn't come from a lake.
No one from Embers goes out in a raincoat like a Vandy Camp Spisherman and catches,
oh, another goldfish for the bar.
They're boring in a goddamn paper cup at a carnival.
And the ones that get adopted by the drag queen from Embers are like,
they're the luckiest fucking goldfish in Portland.
And they pour them in there and the fish are like, what's happening?
And it's like a Pixar movie, Albert Brooks comes up and goes like, holy shit, you wouldn't believe it.
There's a whole bar.
And then every once in a while, yeah, someone crashes through the top of the bar because they get angry
and then probably a fish gets crushed, but at least there's no turtles eating them.
Okay, at least there's no turtles.
All right, so I'm waiting for my friends for the meat curtains.
You see a staff poking its head through the sphincter and then the meat curtain.
Chubby! Hey!
I'd recognize that.
What's up?
This shitty dude.
I grab on to the end of the staff and pull him through.
It's stuck.
What?
Oh, I'm sorry, let me press that button.
You pull it.
You know, Sharpie, are you on it or are you already through this one?
Oh, boy, stickler over here.
It's important.
All right, I... God damn it.
You can just pick one. It's fine.
Am I on the pole or what?
Yeah, did you already come through on the pole or is he pulling you through now?
I wanted to slide through this picture.
Okay, yeah, well, that happens.
And then, okay, so you slide through.
Hey, what happened?
I got it.
Mulraine, press the button and come through.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right, so you slide through.
Now you're there.
Now you grab the thing.
Now it's grabbed.
Got the staff.
You guys threw the door.
You guys cut it in a cartwheel.
I wanted to do something cool.
All right, so what are our surroundings now, Spencer?
Am I there?
Yeah, you're there now too.
Hey, guys.
Hey, good to have you back.
So what do we see now?
You're in a room.
No, so I explained the heart, right?
So there's a giant throbbing heart.
Hanging from the ceiling are two orbs of orange tissue,
perhaps some sort of giant nerve cluster.
I said that already.
There's the two flabby tubes.
They're venting noxious gases in the colors of green and orange.
And you can also see a few tentacles
waving around nearby the ground.
In the center of the room,
you can see that ice stalk that you encountered earlier.
Shit.
And it begins swaying ponderously.
Gentlemen,
are we trying to destroy the fish,
or should we just want to leave the fish, right?
Well, I think...
We have to kill it.
Yeah, I would say.
But if we kill it, are we going to fall down into nothing?
Yeah, but...
I used my far sword attack.
Here's my plan about that.
While they're fucking mulling shit over,
because I'm a barbarian,
I swing my far sword as hard as I can at the heart.
At the heart itself, right?
Yes.
Okay.
Ah, you miss.
Fuck everybody.
Your far sword goes wide,
and rather than hitting the heart,
it instead strikes a tentacle.
Is that good?
It's better than not hitting anything,
or hitting yourself in the foot.
I remove...
You deal seven damage.
All right.
I remove two...
The arrows!
Oh, she did?
She...
And as I'm pulling them out,
a sparkle from my eye catches Quirk's eye.
And I pull back, and I shoot my arrows.
At...
At adventure!
That doesn't...
At the heart.
You shoot two arrows at the heart.
Spenser V arrows.
Yeah, V arrows at the heart.
I'm listening.
Both of them strike the heart
directly in its center of mass.
Yay!
Spink dirt battles.
Dealing six damage.
Yeah.
Six, six.
Yeah, six damage.
The eye ball plays wonderfully.
That's some Seattle shit right there.
I don't know.
I just randomly thought maybe they had a rivalry with Seattle.
I do.
I was really tired today,
and I think for a half an hour,
I thought it was literally in Seattle,
and I met someone, and they're like,
yeah, I'm from like an hour north of Seattle.
I was like, all right, so an hour away?
You're in Seattle?
Perlin's way better, though!
It was Eddie better.
You know, is it?
Wow.
I thought he had something in his mouth.
Couldn't understand it.
Oh, you just gotta go to voodoo donuts
and do some slacklining.
The tentacles shoot out of the floor
and grapple you.
They wrap themselves around your legs.
You feel as if you can't move.
At the same time, the ponderous eyeball
sways and its eye turns purple,
and it looks directly at Sharpie.
What?
Sharpie.
I go like this.
Like what?
It seems like an impressive response.
As you make your excited and cool maneuver,
you feel a haze come over you,
and all of a sudden you feel the presence
of several enemies surrounding you.
Oh, shit.
I've been charmed against you guys.
Yeah.
Use some magic.
No, I've...
Yeah, use some magic.
You're a mage.
Oh, can I resist it?
No, you can fight the enemies you see.
No, I don't want to fight my friends.
You do, that's the thing, though.
You can tell me that I want to fight them.
I've watched you go through this with Cheth.
Okay, you cast Scorching Ray.
It hits.
Dealing eight damage.
Eight damage.
That's like fucking some average shit.
Some bend Oregon kind of style.
That was some Eugene shit.
Yeah, yeah.
That was some Medford style bullshit.
What's Medford style?
Messed on now, no.
I know, what do you want from me?
I just want the old Dan back.
Why don't you take your shirt off?
Take your shirt off.
Save it, save it, save it.
I said take your shirt off.
Oh, take my shirt off, okay.
All right, so whose turn is it Spencer for fuck's sake?
You see those orange things I mentioned earlier
from the ceiling.
They're shaking wildly and
shaking a violent red powder onto you.
It's making you guys sick.
You feel kind of sick to your stomachs.
I go into, I use Power Attack.
One of the orange sacky things.
They're pretty high up.
You'd have to jump to hit them.
I run and I first jump off of Mulraine's shoulders,
then onto Sharpie's shoulders,
and then jump as high as I can and swing my sword
at one of the orange sacks.
Taking a few steps back to prepare your charge,
you leap forward, catapulting yourself
off the back of the half-elf.
You leap high into the air and swinging your sword
in a wide arc.
You slice cleanly at the cord,
holding the dangling nerve cluster.
It falls off and falls to the ground
and explodes into a pile of dust.
Never had a lesson.
You hear the beast give an unearthly shake around you
as well as a long, far-off wail
as if it were in immense pain.
Oh, we're close, you guys.
Somebody attack the other nerve cluster.
I take out my longsword and, yeah.
Zip.
Yeah.
I take out my longsword.
It looks great.
And I attack the other nerve cluster.
Well, it's too high up.
Well, you're too high up.
Yeah, I am.
I jump.
Okay.
I jump off Sharpie's back.
Super cute style.
All right.
Or would it be better to do arrows, Spencer?
It would be better to do arrows to hit things far away.
Is it too late?
The question is how many arrows should she shoot?
Six.
Fourteen.
Well, I mean, I don't want to be a bad D&D player.
I did already say that I have the sword.
It's true.
Jumping off your friend Sharpie,
you launch yourself at the nerve cluster.
You get right up to it and pulling your sword from its holster.
You swing in a wide arc.
However, it misses and you tumble to the ground.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, bam.
Tungent snap.
Same team.
Thank you.
I will next time, ma'am.
I will.
Yeah, Vellison hasn't even followed you guys.
He's just making sandwiches.
He's back in the last area.
Sharpie, finish him off.
Sharpie, you shake off the effects of your charm.
Yeah.
Oh.
I cast Buya.
No.
Sharpie, you attacked me.
I wasn't myself.
It's like last night when we got in that fight.
Over the straw.
Yeah.
What was the straw fight about?
I handed her a Diet Coke.
I handed her a Diet Coke, right?
And she handed it back and the straw looked like an animal had mangled it.
It looked like a child had chewed it all day.
It was all twisted and I thought it was funny, so I went, what the fuck?
But because I'm a professional entertainer, I wasn't smiling and laughing when I was like,
hey, what the fuck?
And she was ignoring me because she was round that bend.
The fact that we had gotten Taco Bell should tell you what state we were in.
So I just looked at the mangled straw and I went, hey, hey, what the fuck?
Because I was, yes, ending the fact that she was an animal.
I was like, what's with the fucking mangled straw?
But Dan, I think it's important to say that right before this happened, Dan was like,
I didn't get enough tacos.
So I gave him my taco.
It's not important.
That's like saying the sky is blue.
I never get enough tacos.
I always complain about whatever.
Anyway, you said what the fuck?
I didn't think it was a joke.
I thought you were starting a fight over a straw.
Yeah.
Well, you're starting a fight over a fight over a straw.
Look, I love you more.
Nice.
Oh, well, that was supposed to be cute.
And yet it wasn't.
You're the best.
I cast magic.
Who gives a shit?
Sorry.
I cast scorching rain.
There's a ray.
It's a scorching ray.
It's hotter than the cold ray, hotter than the sun.
I'm gonna scorch rain, and then we're done.
Scorching rays gonna cast damage on these motherfuckers.
Portland got a scorching ray.
Motherfucker got a 4th fret winter cup.
What do you shoot it at?
You gotta aim it at something.
Is the eye stock still there?
There is that eye stock.
Yeah, fuck that guy.
The guy that got me, the guy that charmed me.
All right.
Your scorching ray strikes true.
It strikes the eye directly in its lens.
Dealing 18 damage.
The eye stock closes its eye and starts crying a bit.
Aw, I go like this.
Aw.
I attack with my emerald dagger at the eye stock.
You attack the eye stock with the emerald dagger?
Yes.
Okay.
Attacking the eye stock with your emerald dagger,
you notice that it misses.
It strikes by a lot.
I notice that it misses.
It's a sad state of affairs, but there you go.
I look at my dagger and go, way to go.
It goes, well that's the first time you've ever talked to me.
I say to the dagger, look, I didn't know you could speak.
Yes, you know, there's a lot of magic items that can speak.
Okay, well look, let's not fight like Aaron and Dan.
Let's just...
You should kill that other orange thing.
It seemed like it pissed that thing off.
Don't tell me what to do, dagger.
I'm in charge here.
Do you know how magic I am?
I don't know.
I didn't know you could talk.
If I knew that you were a magical talking dagger,
I'd have asked you what to do.
Well, apparently we can fill a book with stuff you don't know,
but I know you should kill that because he's a barbarian.
But I know that you should attack that orange thing
because I'm magic and a dagger.
Okay, well, I tried to attack the ice dog
and you fucking failed me.
This relationship has to be built on trust.
Yeah, well, I didn't trust that we could harm that ice dog.
Okay, look, I'm patient with the conversation.
Shut the fuck up, Mulraine.
I'm having a conversation with my dagger right now.
I have to say, I wonder if the podcast is going to get
seven emails talking about how your relationship
with the dagger ruined the podcast.
I don't know. I liked it. It felt honest.
I mean, I really love you and the dagger together, but...
You both need to chill.
All right, because my dagger is not a person, it's a dagger,
I come to an agreement and I say,
look, from now on in the future,
let's just communicate with each other.
And if I'm ever not living up to your standards
as a dagger holder, then you just say so
and I'll try to become a better barbarian.
And if I ever have a problem with your effectiveness as a dagger,
I'll just say so and then maybe together we can grow
and one day I'll live up to who I should be
and what you should be and together we'll form a union
and be better people for it.
Love expert Jeff Davis, everybody.
And then I say, and the next time I fucking
attack an ice-talk, fucking get your shit together.
So partnership is equals. That sounds pretty good.
All right.
Yeah. All right. Let's attack stuff together.
Hey, you know what? Dagger.
Talking to you, dagger.
Oh, I thought you meant you're throwing an ice-talk in my bed.
Now, dagger?
Okay, what's up? Hey.
You're okay.
You too, man.
I love my dagger.
The worst TV pilot ever.
Quark and Dagger.
Slash most of it.
Starring Demny Coleman.
That's your boss that sent you out.
Quark?
What is it, dagger?
You don't have a dagger in your pocket, do you?
No, I don't.
What was that? What was that sound?
That was my badge and my gun.
Quark and Dagger. Friday.
You know this police department has a strict rule against talking daggers.
So, yeah, are you going to hit stuff?
Dagger?
Hey.
I know it's not my turn.
Let's go out of turn one more time.
Oh, I don't think you've taken any combat action.
Okay.
Dagger?
I tell dagger, I believe in you.
And I want you to hold me like a dagger.
And the dagger summons a power to use me as a sword and holds me and wields me like a blade.
And we charge towards the last remaining nerve sack.
And the dagger wields me like a dagger and like holds my ankles in my head and goes straight.
I hold my sword up like in the air and the dagger swings me at the last remaining nerve sack.
You know the crazy thing is that I had a cursed sword that actually would wield its wielder like that?
Like, so that's not even an entirely original ideal.
Oh, dungeon, like super dungeon.
I just, I like, it's a good plan, but that's not the magic that's enchanting this dagger unfortunately.
Dungeon snap, writer's workshop snap, like Los Angeles snap.
So you're saying that can't happen?
No, but I mean.
All right, okay, fuck it.
I just, I take my dagger with our newfound relationship and with an extra confidence that I never knew existed.
I wield my emerald dagger and I run right at the heart.
Right at the heart.
You strike it critically.
Look at that, that's crazy.
What are the fucking odds, right?
How much?
What are the odds of that? Like, honestly, dealing 30 damage.
30 damage!
You all ready for this?
You strike a great blow against the heart.
It gives a violent shudder and starts to ooze blood.
The entire room you're in shudders and quakes and you take some damages.
We all do?
Yeah, from the quaking and shaking of the thing you're inside of.
Fair enough.
You all take four damage.
Yeah, that's nothing.
That's some quake shit.
It's definitely injured, but not dead.
By the way, Spencer's using the dice that whoever brought the dice.
Yeah, who got me these awesome dice? These are fucking sweet.
Who did it?
Oh, I can't see him anymore.
What's his name?
Nice.
Tom.
Tom? Thank you, Tom.
These are the coolest things ever.
He looks like a very crafty Jesus in the back.
Good-looking guy.
Thanks, Tom.
These are some sweet dice.
All right, guys, finish it off.
I had a breakthrough with my sword.
So, Spencer, is the heart done?
It's not.
I mean, we might want to break here, to be honest.
Oh, the heart's a full-time job, huh?
Well, yeah, it's a tough job, but someone's got to pump it.
Before we stop, can I shoot two good arrows?
At.
At the heart?
At the heart.
Yes, yes, you can.
And give me 20.
Well, I tried.
One of your arrows strikes the heart directly in the heart.
Dealing 11 damage.
Just dagger winks at me.
No.
No eyes.
But the jewel glimmers in a winking fashion.
It glistens.
And I accept that glisten as a wink.
That's fair.
Do you think the heart's really at that full-time job?
We should stop here, huh?
Yeah, no, you're not.
You haven't killed it.
All right, well, let's stop that.
Spencer, everybody.
Spencer Cliffhanger!
Fuck yeah.
Erin McGathy in the main.
Erin McGathy and Spencer Crittenden.
Wow.
All right, Portland.
A home of good, wonderful, artistic, beautiful, clean, spiritual, wonderful, transparent people
through whom God flows constantly and that government cannot crack.
We need to come up with our fucking constitution here before we go to San Francisco,
because you know in San Francisco, they'll just go like,
you should be able to park wherever you want, and they'll be like crazy.
So in Portland, these are people who sculpt things and understand things.
They program things.
They're a practical people, Jeff.
They're a good people.
They're a port people.
It's called Portland.
It's named after the port of Portland.
Is that right?
Ships come in.
You have to get shit done.
When a ship full of salt comes in, you've got to put the salt somewhere.
There's another ship full of pepper coming in.
They've adapted a culture of, it's called the New York of the West.
Can we get a representative of Portland?
Somebody who feels that they know the most about it.
Who among us right now would be the most representative?
Do we want to...
Yes, sir.
You seem lumberjack style.
Our first dude of the night.
What's your name, sir?
Ryan.
Ryan, everybody.
A Portlandologist.
Ryan.
Grab a mic.
All right.
So Portland actually is named after Portland, Maine, off a penny flip.
Who is flipping the penny?
So two guys moved here, one from Boston, one from Portland,
and they both wanted to name it after their home cities,
and they flipped the penny, and it came up Portland,
and now that penny is in the museum.
No shit?
You know the craziest thing about it?
Because that was 1820.
There was no one on the penny.
So there was no...
People say that Portland just made it up.
Because Abe Lincoln was just running around, he was in college.
One side just had the word heads.
And the other side had tails.
Just said penny side one, penny side two.
Yeah.
Anyways.
Ryan, are you a local?
No, I moved here four years ago to start med school,
and I'm actually moving away tomorrow because I just graduated.
Oh, good for you.
Congratulations.
What kind of...
I'm a chiropractor.
Oh, okay.
So kind of real medicine.
Oh, fuck you guys.
Some like spine surgeon just booed you.
Chiropractor, boo.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I went to a chiropractor for a while.
I had to.
I have a terrible history of back pain in my family,
but then I got one of those inversion tables.
Oh, yeah.
Those are awesome.
Do your people...
They don't recommend them though, right?
No, the inversion tables are great.
And you're out of a job.
It doesn't fix everything, it just helps.
It fixes everything, for me.
I mean, it made me not have to go to a chiropractor ever again.
I mean, I don't care if you don't see me,
I just feel that if you get better, that's all I want.
Really?
Yeah.
Hugging him.
I'm making up with chiropractors tonight.
Yo, yo, yeah, yo.
Backdoctor, yo.
I want to rock, rock, rock, rock her.
But it doesn't matter.
Yo.
It's Ryan.
Ryan.
Yo, yo.
Back pain.
Running the rain.
I'm going to feel the strength and heal myself with my pain.
I'm going to bend over backwards for my lower lumbar.
I fucked your mama so hard she never comes so far.
I fucked your mama until she had back spasms.
I fucked your mama and her pussy was a chasm.
The sky dove down to its bottom.
I fucked your mama so hard I started to feel it was a Gotham.
I didn't really want to rap, but I think that's what...
It wasn't feeling it.
I wanted to talk to Ryan for a little bit about Portland.
That's why you brought him up.
I don't care.
When he played that song, it felt joyless and forced.
I liked it.
I thought it was good.
Thanks.
Yo.
Yeah.
I'm awful sorry I blamed my bad rap on you.
I didn't mean to take a crap on you.
I came up to Portland to transform.
I fucked your mama so hard I needed chloroform.
That doesn't mean it was non-consensual.
I fucked your mama good, but it was quite sensual.
I met her at a diner and said let's go out.
I fucked her good and then she started to scream and shout,
but not in protest.
Enjoy.
I fucked your mama and pregnant her and made a boy.
It was you.
Ryan.
I'm your father.
I'm down to harm and tell.
Turn that brown upside down.
Back pain.
Yellow poop is brown.
Lumbar.
I'm down to harm and tell.
Little bones from your butt to your neck.
They make your whole body work and if they get wrecked,
you're fucked up as heck.
You gotta go to a doctor, but if it's not a real doctor,
you gotta go to a chiropractor.
He'll delay you down.
He'll snap your back and he'll turn you around and he'll say,
does that feel good?
And you'll say, yes it did.
And he'll say, come back in a week no matter what.
We always have to come down to harm and tell.
Scam.
Down upside down.
Snap it.
There is yellow poop is brown.
Pelvis.
Come on down to harm and tell.
Rapidy rap.
I didn't think I was going to rap more.
Sorry.
Ryan take it.
Ryan.
Okay wait.
Yeah.
Yeah go.
I came to harm and tell.
I had my two frowns turn upside down.
Then harm and made me feel so good.
I have a little bit of wood.
Whoa.
And a harm and tell.
Turn that brown upside down.
Boner.
And now a poop is brown.
Come on down to harm and tell.
I'd like to reach out and touch that wood.
The one you just mentioned.
Rub it like I should.
I won't make a wish.
I won't wish for a genie.
I just want to reach out and touch your weenie.
I hope that it makes my back feel better.
I hope you look good in a cashmere sweater.
Want to take you home and put on some music.
Electra fuck your mama so hard she won't know how to use it.
Referring to her pussy.
Gary Busey.
Come on down to harm and tell.
Turn that brown upside down.
Sorry.
He is yellow poop is brown.
Boner.
Spencer.
You go to a chiropractor for your spine.
If you think that you can get it you will be fine.
After about three sessions you're feeling better.
And if you know it pussy something wetter.
Gonna wrap, gonna wrap some more.
It's gonna reveal really like rhymes galore.
And if you think you're really good then you give me what for.
I don't know what's going on for taking to the forest.
Come on down to harm and tell.
Master.
Turn that brown upside down.
He is yellow poop is brown.
Come on down to harm and tell.
Oh shit now it's my turn to wrap.
Is my mic even on?
I've been sitting over here for so long I don't even know.
I've listened to Dan and Ryan and Spencer flow.
But now I guess I have to let the lyrics flow.
I've been sitting there and I think I love Portland so much.
It's the coolest town in the Northwest.
It's such a cool town because the food is great and the booze is flowing.
I like the fact that the hoses are throwing.
It's a weird thing.
Hoses actually turn into bros.
And that's why the water always flows.
Oh shit god damn it.
Let's get the pink ladies up here.
The pink t-shirt ladies.
They made t-shirts you guys.
Thank you Ryan.
Ryan the carer back there.
He's gonna go get an adjustment.
They got the shirt said Dan fucked my mom and all that guy was in a lousy t-shirt.
Yo.
Alright.
You ready?
Okay yo.
You're gonna wrap it and the towels are gonna sit.
Yo.
Here we go.
What's your name?
Jen.
Nice to meet you.
I fucked your mama but it's a way that I greet you.
I did it far and near.
I fucked your mama till I generated a joyful tear.
I did it in the Northwest.
Fucked her booby on her chest.
I can't hear the, I fucked, I'm off the beat.
Okay.
Just give me a second.
This is Portland.
It's a land of second chances and I just sprayed.
Okay.
Sorry.
And then I saw the droplets.
Droplets.
Need to shave.
Wicked Ryan spitting out of my face.
I fucked your mama so hard.
Her shoe needed a new lace.
Her shoe came off her foot because I fucked it hard.
I fucked your mama until she had flubber for lard.
They're the same thing.
I went to sing, sing, and whoever came out and bring a thing.
God damn it.
I fucked up so bad.
I really want to rap better than I've ever have.
I got three ladies in pink and I don't want to do so bad that I stink.
One of them rap.
I'm going to go to them.
Just give me a second to clear my mental plan.
What's your name?
Megan.
I'm going to rap.
I'm going to just sing one thing and then it'll be the done.
I don't know what you were saying.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Bad idea.
It was a bad idea.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Pink turned that brown up side there.
Girls.
It's yellow.
Who's pissed?
Portland.
Get it.
Spit and fire, blowing free is a stream.
I swear to God, I'm not thinking of anything I'm saying.
I really mean it.
I'm going to open my mouth and let it fly.
I'm going to be transparent so my eye is God's eye.
Just want to say this is the best city in the world.
I'm sorry if I offended any boy, any girl.
Keep making sculptures and eating your weird hot dogs.
I want to fuck you so hard like a Lincoln log.
Go downtown, get into a taxi.
I fucked your mama's pussy till her pet was a maxi.
I fucked your mama in her hat and her shoe.
I fucked your mama so hard.
Fuck Oregon.
What you going to do?
Come on down to Harmontown.
Thank you so much everybody.
Good night.
We love you.
Thank you, Portland.
What were your names, girls?
Megan.
Amanda.
And Fiona.
The pink ladies thing.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for your mayor, Dan Harmon, everybody.
We'll be across the street signing stuff and having pictures of beer.
Come over and join us there.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
Is this a special treble based rap beat?
Oh, shit.
Special tracks, secret tracks, special tracks.
Chiropractor going to fix you back.
Got a special track, have a heart attack.
Yo, make that line, have some slack.
Not tight slack and fucking rockin' between it.
Get a lamppost in my back.
Go to a chiropractor named Ryan.
He keeps crackin' my back.
He's not a doctor.
He's just tryin'.
He went to medical school.
He ain't nobody's school.
Pink ladies smaggin' the mandolin.
Oh, Peter O'Toole.
That's probably not her name.
I'm just tryin' to rhyme.
It's the name of the rap game.
Spencer for hire up in his t-shirt.
I heard Portland was where they invented dirt
and took it down to Seattle
where they eat it because they're a bunch of human cattle.
The Northwest is the place to be.
I fucked your mama so hard she turned into a bee.
She made some honey and I took it, put it on some bread.
And then I squeezed her little head.
And then the honey came out of her ears
and I turned it into a pale lager.
Some kind of beer and served it across the street
at that Labrador place with a little piece of taco meat.
This is free and the health code is up to snuff.
I fucked your mama so hard that enough is enough.
I fucked your mama in her keys, in her purse, in her hat.
She said, please, please don't do it anymore.
I've had enough.
It feels abusive and misogynistic.
And I said, I'm so sorry.
It's just where my mind goes.
It's because I love women.
I give them too much power
and then I try to take it back from them.
And so it comes off as rapey and creepy and gross.
And we all know that that's how that works.
Like every man that you meet that seems abusive to you
and threatening to you, he's really just saying to you,
when I see you, I get intimidated by you.
And then I'm trying immediately to counteract that
with some kind of power attack.
And meanwhile, you're just a girl going,
well, he's bigger than me and so this feels really gross
and you're incompatible.
And then you end up going out with some beta male type
who's equally psychologically inside out, like in different ways.
I know, I know.
You don't have to tell me.
So everybody just communicate with each other
and I fucked your mama's shoe.
Come on now to harm itself.
Turn the ground upside down.
He is your boobish breath.
Come on now to harm itself.
Motherfuckin' got a motherfuckin' rap rap.
Motherfuckin' got a rap.
She's got a motherfuckin' rap rap rap rap
rap rap a rap many rap rap a rap rap
Rap rap rap rap rap governments
We're ripping!